			README for ELinks manual

Introduction:
-------------

The work on a manual for ELinks has just begun. So now it basicly only contains
already available documentation. Gradually it will hopefully evolve into a
complete manual. One reason for this relaxed approach is that a lot of things
in ELinks is probably going to change during the next major releases so the
effort might be of better use if it was put into something else. Secondly
ELinks is pretty straight forward to use so most users will quickly get the
hang of it.

The manual will hopefully pick up info which enlightens the darker corners of
ELinks. If you have some ideas/tips/info that will help a lost soul or make
using this great program even better please consider to contribute and make the
best possible manual for ELinks.

The document type, processing and available formats:
----------------------------------------------------

The manual is written using the DocBook DTD. It might be a bit overkill but has
a few nice features. It is pretty lightweight markup. It is widely used. There
exists a lot of great tools for processing DocBook documents into various
formats with the possibility to customize the output.

To make as many systems as possible able to process the manual all documents
validates as DocBook/XML. The processing can be made using either wrappers like
the db2*, docbook2* and xmlto or directly calling saxon, xsltproc, jade etc.
It is the intension to provide a script to test for reasonable defaults and
take care of the processing so one can just issue make dvidoc or make htmldoc.

For systems without the necessary tools check the manuals web page for
available formats. (http://elinks.or.cz/documentation/manual)

License:
--------

The manual is distributed under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation
License, Version 1.1 or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation. See the legal notice in manual.sgml for further info. The license
is included in docbook format in the file fdl.sgml

How to contribute:
------------------

Contributions are very warmly welcomed. Wether it be fixing of typos or bad
grammar, rewritings or new material. All info relevant to ELinks usage can be
included in the manual. Including FAQ material, tips and cheats ;)

There is no codingstyle. But please don't limit your use of whitespace and take
a look at the style used in the current documents to get ideas of what is
reasonable.

To make as many systems as possible able to process the manual all documents
should validate as DocBook/XML. The SGML and XML versions of the DTD are almost
identical so this obviously a Good Thing[TM]. Validation will hopefully also be
made part of the processing script mentioned above.

Contributions should be sent to Jonas Fonseca <fonseca@diku.dk>. If your changing
something in an existing document please read about how to make unified patches
in the Patches section of the doc/hacking.txt file.

All contributors will be credited as authors. If you don't want to have your
email address published then drop a note about it. Contributions of course will
also be licensed under the GNU FDL.

$Id: README,v 1.1 2002/12/28 19:49:20 jonas Exp $
